The organizations most helpful to me number one has to be the military
healthcare system so I think I hurt my thumb I also sprained my foot
really bad and one thing that you don't really have to worry about
being in the military is the top of this head to the bottom of your
feet- it's all taken care of. You might have to pay a little bit more
for your family but other than that the rates are really cheap and
it's very convenient. Another thing that I think of, another association
I think of when I think of the military that is actually on the
fun level is MWR. Without MWR I would have a hugely different impression
of the military but they throughout my whole entire career if
I ever wanted to play pool, if I ever wanted to bowl, if I ever wanted
to go hiking, skiing, camping, they were right there with super
friendly people to make sure that our work outside of our hard military
life is rewarded. And finally I have to give my credit to the USO.
Whenever I go to an aircraft carrier they're the nicest sweetest
people. They give me hot dogs, cakes, cookies, they provide me a place
to sleep, they allow me to put my bags down, especially when I want
to walk around the aircraft carrier without being over burdened.
I see other people out there waiting in these long lines, back up against
the wall with the kids and then I see the USO people and their
military families having the time of their lives even though it's
a five hour flight. So hats off to USO.